Schoolwork Mannerheim muscle it was Salom want to be me.
So in this video tutorial I'm going to show how to make the network configuration between the body machine
or a robot machine and a workstation.
So the objective is to allow so is to allow a workstation to control a robot remotely through the network.
And for this we need to do a small number of operations.
So we have here in the left side we have a virtual machine that represents the workstation and here
on the right side have another machine that represents the robot machine itself.
So first of all we are going to do some changes in the machine or see phyto.
I'm going to open it up to see in the workstation.
OK.
And here I'm going to up with rush of see into the robot machine.
Ok so in the robot machine here we need to add some configuration we need to export the rest must that
you and I.
So these are environment variables.
So that's my story you right.
Rose is going to run on the robot machine.
So the roast master is going to run into the local host of the robot machines.
That's why he can host and this is the default port number.
And then also we need to specify the hostname Rosati.
These are environment variables related to the host environment.
So those hostname.
And when we put the IP either.
So we need to find what is the IP address of the robot first.
So I'm going to make it stick until we find that this is the IP address where it H-1 it and the other
interfaces depending on your network configuration.
So when you find the IP address you have to change it accordingly into the bastard.
So I remind that we are now into the robot machine.
We have to change those hostname in the Rose IP environment variables.
According to the IP address of the robot.
So and then these three lines it allows us to display the environment variables that have said so to
make sure that they are correct.
And once it's don't have to open a new terminal.
So when we open a new terminal you're going to have the Russos team and the IP address according to
what we already know.
So we have to make sure that it corresponds to the real us.
So now we have competing with the configuration of the robot machine.
We will do almost the same with the workstation.
So first of all we need to open another and find the IP address so we can find the IP address is monitored
to I'm going to take this and we do the same thing we need to explore.
Ross IP so I'm going to expose IP to the other side just to change this value and that what is very
important we need to specify the correct we need to specify the correct rules must right.
So remember that what is going to run on a robot machine that has an IP address 1 2 6 8 8 8 1 1.
So he it must be 1 9 2 2 1 6 8 8 8 and 1 0 1.
So it corresponds to the IP address of this machine.
OK.
So maybe it's the IP address of the workstation.
Rush hostname is the IP address of the workstation.
And most M.D what I referred to the IP address of the robot machine here.
OK.
So as you can see your last message you're right is going to run on the local host of narrowboat machine.
Ok so now if we are going to test if everything is running fine.
OK I'm going to open
it close and open again.
So we have also those of us here showing one or two.
OK.
And then those mustardy you are cream.
One of the robot machines now let's run Rowse on the robot machine.
I'm going to watch for moggy and on another meaning let me down the road that I'm seeing that is ignored.
So now I have Russ running on Robert Mashi.
I can do a rose LOEBBECKE list.
And they can find my stocking list here showing all the topics related to this.
So now everything is fine if I'm going to do roast topic list of what they should i should also see
the same topics you can see now that we have all the topics.
So if I close Russ in this machine I'm going to close roads here.
If I make most of it list unable to communicate with the master.
Why.
Because I have closed the doors here.
So if I put trust back a score from this machine I am able to find the topics.
OK.
Running on the Michi of the robot.
If I wanted to see me again.
And there on the it.
So you can see that now this workstation have access to these robot machines so any code that you write
in these workstation machines will be able to control all the rest nodes and the rest of peaks that
are running into the machine.
OK.
So let's see if you make any effort into consideration.
For example I'm going to close everything again.
OK.
And let me go to the as I see so imagine that you are not able to.
You did not do that correctly.
Let's see if you put the idea of the workstation.
OK.
Of the sheets.
So now I have to close all these notes up and then again.
OK so let's see what happens.
Now we can't underscore here.
OK.
I'm able to make a stop list least no problem on the ceiling or with machine.
Now even the rest of the police is OK it's not it's not raining.
Why.
Because because he says that the must tell you is in the same workstation.
So now he doesn't refer to this sort of message if I want to fix what they should do with respect to
the IP address of the machine.
OK.
I have to make source that I see again.
To take effect so now I can see that those mustardy takes effect.
And if I may cross it just so we'll able to see the same topics.
And here this machine.
Now I.
The load.
And again I would be able to see all the topics on the pitch.
So to summarize when you want to continually Walkstation to control over the machine.
So you have to make a configuration into both the machine and the workstation.
So in the machine you have to specify the roast master.
As in any local host this is the default port number and you have also explored the rows the IP of the
robot machine to be equal to the IP address of the on that machine and the IP address you can get it
using that if.
OK.
Which gives you the IP address.
So exactly the same thing what you should do in the workstation.
You have to find those IP and DOS hostname as the IP address of the workstation the IP address of the
world.
Same thing for that also.
The.
And then the Rassmussen you must find the remote machine of what is the robot machine.
So this is the IP address of the robot.
As you can see here so doing so you will be able to develop programs that run into your workstation
and control the robot machine.
So illustrate this are an example I'm going to run an application on the workstation machine that controls
the sim on Match.
So we not only across run seem to see know.
So now we have to see and they want to control this using the theory of application of the C.
So instead of running on the same machine I'm going to run into the workstation a C so all you need
to do is to make a restaurant.
So not to say that I didn't try and rescore cake.
The firing squad is going to have a conflict because it is already running on one one.
This is the robot machine.
So you should not run us again because it's already running but you can do it.
And I'm so certain up
to.
Totally up.
Now I am in the workstation machine here.
I mean this workstation machine.
I'm going to press the auto keys and you to see that the now Winterton is moving.
Controlling its motions on the workstation.
So now we come to the end of this story.
Thanks for watching.